# Market admins

Market admins are tasked with creating and maintaining lending markets for NFT collections.

Each market has a set of mutable fields which can be controlled by market admins, including:

* interest rate model
* admin fee
* liquidation thresholds
* oracle provider
* liquidation fees

This role is what enables Honey to adopt a platform approach to lending, where lending markets are generated by admins rather than having the protocol issue central markets. This allows a variety of loans to be issued with more customisation for each collection.&#x20;

These admins can be DAOs or individuals, and don't necessarily need to be tied to the project they are creating a market for.

## Admin fees

Market admins can institute fees of up to 50% in their lending markets. This fee is paid from the interest paid by lenders, or during liquidations. Admin fees are deducted after protocol fees, which are at 10%.

_Example: With a 5% admin fee, if 1000 USDC is paid by borrowers in interest, the protocol fee will first take 10%, then the admin fee will charge 5% of what is left. In this market, lenders receive 85.5% of what borrowers pay in interest._

Admin fees can serve as revenue for a DAO, or can be used to incentivise market makers.

_Example: Admin fee is 10% in a market that predominantly uses Elixir for liquidations. Admin pays half of their fee towards liquidity providers on Elixir, to secure their market with more liquidity. The other 5% is profit, or can go towards paying oracles, grace periods, and more._
